mattmc3/ez-compinit
getantidote/use-omz
romkatv/zsh-bench    kind:path
romkatv/powerlevel10k
mattmc3/zman
mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/completion
mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/compstyle
mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/confd
mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/directory
mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/editor
mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/environment
mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/history
mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/prompt
mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/utility
mattmc3/zephyr path:plugins/zfunctions
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/adb kind:fpath
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/chezmoi
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/direnv
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/extract
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/fzf
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/git
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/rbw
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/systemadmin
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/sudo
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/tldr
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/vscode
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/zoxide
mellbourn/zabb
amyreese/zsh-take
akash329d/zsh-alias-finder
#olets/zsh-abbr    kind:defer
3v1n0/zsh-bash-completions-fallback
jarun/nnn   path:misc/quitcd/quitcd.bash_sh_zsh
